# practice script, run from serial or the last port
configure terminal
vtp mode transparent
interface FastEthernet 0/1
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 101
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/3
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 103
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/4
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 104
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/5
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 105
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/6
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 106
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/7
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 107
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/8
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 108
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/9
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 109
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/10
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 110
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/11
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 111
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/12
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 112
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/13
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 113
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/14
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 114
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/15
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 115
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/16
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 116
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/17
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 117
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/18
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 118
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/19
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 119
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/20
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 120
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/21
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 121
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/22
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 122
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/23
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 123
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/24
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 124
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/25
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 125
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/26
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 126
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/27
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 127
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/28
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 128
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/29
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 129
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/30
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 130
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/31
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 131
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/32
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 132
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/33
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 133
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/34
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 134
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/35
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 135
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/36
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 136
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/37
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 137
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/38
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 138
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/39
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 139
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/40
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 140
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/41
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 141
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/42
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 142
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/43
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 143
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/44
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 144
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/45
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 145
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/46
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 146
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/47
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 147
exit
interface GigabitEthernet 0/2
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 149
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/2
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport trunk encapsulation dot1q
switchport trunk allowed vlan all
switchport trunk native vlan 100
spanning-tree bpdufilter enable
exit
