# competition script, run from serial or the last port
configure terminal
vtp mode transparent
interface FastEthernet 0/1
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 101
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/3
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 103
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/4
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 104
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/5
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 105
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/6
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 106
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/7
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 107
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/8
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 108
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/9
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 109
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/10
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 110
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/11
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 111
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/12
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 112
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/13
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 113
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/14
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 114
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/15
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 115
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/16
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 116
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/17
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 117
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/18
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 118
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/19
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 119
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/20
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 120
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/21
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 121
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/22
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 122
exit
interface FastEthernet 0/23
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
switchport access vlan 123
exit
no ip http server
no ip http secure-server
interface FastEthernet 0/2
switchport mode trunk
switchport nonegotiate
switchport trunk allowed vlan all
switchport trunk native vlan 100
spanning-tree bpdufilter enable
exit
